README.md, before:

Gecko Images
============

This repository contains scripts needed to build docker images for building and
testing gecko on taskcluster with docker-worker.

An example task could look as follows:
```js
{
  "image":        "registry.taskcluster.net/jonasfj/gecko-builder:latest",
  "command": [
    "./build.sh"
  ],
  "env": {
    "REPOSITORY": "https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/",
    "REVISION":   "91be2828f17e",
    "MOZCONFIG":  "/home/worker/mozconfigs/b2g-desktop"
  },
  "features": {
    "azureLivelog": true,
    "bufferLog":    false
  },
  "artifacts": {
    "target.linux-x86_64.tar.bz2":
                  "/home/worker/object-folder/dist/target.linux-x86_64.tar.bz2",
    "target.linux-x86_64.json":
                  "/home/worker/object-folder/dist/target.linux-x86_64.json",
    "target.tests.zip":
                  "/home/worker/object-folder/dist/target.tests.zip"
  }
}
```

This sets the environment variables `REPOSITORY`, `REVISION` and `MOZCONFIG`,
it then runs `build.sh` in the image
`registry.taskcluster.net/jonasfj/gecko-builder:latest`.
See `Makefile` for how to build images.

The example task also declares 3 artifacts to be exacted after the task has
finished. The `build.sh` script will make sure artifacts are moved to paths:
 * `/home/worker/object-folder/dist/firefox.linux-x86_64.tar.bz2`
 * `/home/worker/object-folder/dist/firefox.linux-x86_64.json`
 * `/home/worker/object-folder/dist/firefox.tests.zip`


Status
------

We can currently build gecko and b2g-desktop. But the gaia profile is missing
from the b2g-desktop build, so reftests for b2g-desktop doesn't work.

We should perhaps consider an approach where we reuse buildbot puppet manifests,
by building docker images with packer, using it's masterless puppet provisioner.
However, we are going to need individual images for each OS, so just using a
couple of dockerfiles for linux might be preferable.

Commit message:

Small fixes and in-tree/ folder added

README.md, after:

Gecko Images
============

This repository contains scripts needed to build docker images for building and
testing gecko on taskcluster with docker-worker.

An example task could look as follows:
```js
{
  "image":        "registry.taskcluster.net/jonasfj/gecko-builder:latest",
  "command": [
    "./build.sh"
  ],
  "env": {
    "REPOSITORY": "https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/",
    "REVISION":   "91be2828f17e",
    "MOZCONFIG":  "/home/worker/mozconfigs/b2g-desktop"
  },
  "features": {
    "azureLivelog": true,
    "bufferLog":    false
  },
  "artifacts": {
    "target.linux-x86_64.tar.bz2":
                  "/home/worker/object-folder/dist/target.linux-x86_64.tar.bz2",
    "target.linux-x86_64.json":
                  "/home/worker/object-folder/dist/target.linux-x86_64.json",
    "target.tests.zip":
                  "/home/worker/object-folder/dist/target.tests.zip"
  }
}
```

This sets the environment variables `REPOSITORY`, `REVISION` and `MOZCONFIG`,
it then runs `build.sh` in the image
`registry.taskcluster.net/jonasfj/gecko-builder:latest`.
See `Makefile` for how to build images.

The example task also declares 3 artifacts to be exacted after the task has
finished. The `build.sh` script will make sure artifacts are moved to paths:
 * `/home/worker/object-folder/dist/firefox.linux-x86_64.tar.bz2`
 * `/home/worker/object-folder/dist/firefox.linux-x86_64.json`
 * `/home/worker/object-folder/dist/firefox.tests.zip`


Status
------
The task-graphs and configuration that should eventually live in the tree, is
currently located in the `in-tree/` folder. Along with `try-taskgraph.js` which
should **not** go in the tree, but is present as a utility we can use to test
task-graphs.

Try it with:
```sh
cd in-tree;
npm install;
node try-taskgraph.js task-graph.yml <revision>;
```
Make sure that `<revision>` is a revision available from `hg.mozilla.org/try`.
